move 3 from 6 to 2 c
move 2 from 8 to 7 c
move 3 from 3 to 8 c
move 2 from 5 to 3 c
move 5 from 9 to 7 c
move 5 from 3 to 5 c
move 1 from 4 to 2 c
move 3 from 2 to 1 c
move 2 from 9 to 6 c
move 4 from 1 to 4 c
move 6 from 5 to 8 c
move 1 from 6 to 3 c
move 8 from 8 to 9 c
move 5 from 9 to 2 c
move 1 from 3 to 4 c
move 11 from 7 to 2 c
move 1 from 4 to 1 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 1 from 3 to 9 c
move 1 from 9 to 5 c
move 21 from 2 to 6 c
move 2 from 8 to 4 c
move 5 from 8 to 6 c
move 4 from 9 to 7 c
move 2 from 5 to 6 c
move 5 from 4 to 2 c
move 4 from 7 to 2 c
move 20 from 6 to 9 c
move 7 from 2 to 7 c
move 1 from 2 to 6 c
move 7 from 9 to 6 c
move 3 from 7 to 9 c
move 7 from 1 to 9 c
move 3 from 7 to 4 c
move 1 from 2 to 5 c
move 1 from 5 to 2 c
move 1 from 1 to 9 c
move 23 from 9 to 1 c
move 1 from 2 to 4 c
move 1 from 9 to 6 c
move 1 from 1 to 5 c
move 20 from 1 to 7 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 12 from 4 to 2 c
move 2 from 1 to 3 c
move 1 from 3 to 5 c
move 4 from 2 to 9 c
move 2 from 6 to 4 c
move 9 from 7 to 4 c
move 11 from 6 to 7 c
move 7 from 2 to 8 c
move 1 from 5 to 7 c
move 2 from 9 to 7 c
move 1 from 6 to 4 c
move 6 from 8 to 2 c
move 3 from 7 to 1 c
move 6 from 2 to 4 c
move 1 from 3 to 2 c
move 7 from 4 to 3 c
move 1 from 8 to 5 c
move 3 from 6 to 7 c
move 1 from 2 to 9 c
move 1 from 6 to 7 c
move 4 from 4 to 1 c
move 1 from 3 to 1 c
move 22 from 7 to 6 c
move 3 from 7 to 6 c
move 4 from 7 to 6 c
move 5 from 4 to 5 c
move 26 from 6 to 2 c
move 8 from 1 to 9 c
move 2 from 6 to 5 c
move 9 from 9 to 5 c
move 2 from 9 to 4 c
move 1 from 5 to 3 c
move 1 from 9 to 5 c
move 1 from 5 to 6 c
move 1 from 4 to 3 c
move 3 from 5 to 8 c
move 1 from 6 to 2 c
move 1 from 6 to 1 c
move 1 from 1 to 8 c
move 4 from 5 to 2 c
move 7 from 2 to 4 c
move 8 from 5 to 3 c
move 1 from 5 to 7 c
move 12 from 2 to 8 c
move 6 from 3 to 8 c
move 1 from 7 to 6 c
move 10 from 3 to 4 c
move 11 from 8 to 7 c
move 6 from 8 to 3 c
move 11 from 7 to 4 c
move 1 from 6 to 3 c
move 6 from 3 to 1 c
move 6 from 1 to 5 c
move 15 from 4 to 7 c
move 1 from 3 to 5 c
move 7 from 2 to 3 c
move 5 from 5 to 9 c
move 2 from 3 to 8 c
move 1 from 9 to 4 c
move 1 from 9 to 7 c
move 1 from 4 to 5 c
move 5 from 7 to 8 c
move 13 from 4 to 1 c
move 8 from 8 to 2 c
move 2 from 2 to 7 c
move 7 from 7 to 4 c
move 1 from 5 to 1 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 3 from 8 to 9 c
move 7 from 9 to 8 c
move 1 from 5 to 2 c
move 6 from 8 to 2 c
move 6 from 7 to 6 c
move 2 from 2 to 7 c
move 2 from 8 to 3 c
move 3 from 4 to 5 c
move 1 from 7 to 1 c
move 3 from 3 to 5 c
move 4 from 4 to 6 c
move 3 from 6 to 3 c
move 11 from 2 to 9 c
move 5 from 3 to 4 c
move 1 from 1 to 4 c
move 7 from 9 to 4 c
move 1 from 6 to 4 c
move 5 from 5 to 4 c
move 9 from 1 to 3 c
move 4 from 6 to 3 c
move 2 from 1 to 7 c
move 3 from 9 to 8 c
move 1 from 9 to 5 c
move 5 from 3 to 4 c
move 3 from 4 to 6 c
move 3 from 7 to 5 c
move 4 from 2 to 4 c
move 10 from 3 to 1 c
move 2 from 8 to 9 c
move 1 from 8 to 4 c
move 2 from 2 to 9 c
move 5 from 5 to 8 c
move 2 from 6 to 3 c
move 4 from 9 to 4 c
move 2 from 3 to 7 c
move 2 from 6 to 3 c
move 1 from 6 to 1 c
move 1 from 8 to 5 c
move 1 from 5 to 8 c
move 1 from 4 to 8 c
move 17 from 4 to 2 c
move 11 from 4 to 2 c
move 1 from 8 to 6 c
move 28 from 2 to 3 c
move 10 from 3 to 1 c
move 3 from 8 to 1 c
move 1 from 7 to 8 c
move 1 from 7 to 1 c
move 1 from 6 to 5 c
move 10 from 1 to 5 c
move 20 from 3 to 5 c
move 3 from 1 to 6 c
move 3 from 8 to 1 c
move 18 from 5 to 1 c
move 4 from 4 to 6 c
move 4 from 5 to 1 c
move 1 from 6 to 8 c
move 7 from 5 to 8 c
move 2 from 5 to 3 c
move 34 from 1 to 8 c
move 4 from 1 to 7 c
move 36 from 8 to 6 c
move 6 from 8 to 4 c
move 3 from 6 to 4 c
move 1 from 1 to 2 c
move 1 from 3 to 2 c
move 1 from 3 to 5 c
move 1 from 1 to 8 c
move 1 from 7 to 2 c
move 3 from 2 to 8 c
move 3 from 8 to 1 c
move 2 from 7 to 5 c
move 5 from 6 to 4 c
move 31 from 6 to 4 c
move 1 from 7 to 3 c
move 13 from 4 to 7 c
move 2 from 5 to 9 c
move 1 from 1 to 9 c
move 1 from 3 to 1 c
move 11 from 4 to 9 c
move 12 from 4 to 3 c
move 4 from 9 to 1 c
move 1 from 9 to 8 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 3 from 6 to 5 c
move 3 from 5 to 1 c
move 11 from 7 to 8 c
move 6 from 4 to 8 c
move 3 from 3 to 8 c
move 5 from 1 to 6 c
move 1 from 7 to 3 c
move 5 from 8 to 3 c
move 2 from 4 to 7 c
move 8 from 8 to 4 c
move 5 from 8 to 2 c
move 2 from 2 to 1 c
move 7 from 9 to 2 c
move 5 from 6 to 7 c
move 6 from 2 to 4 c
move 3 from 9 to 1 c
move 3 from 1 to 4 c
move 2 from 2 to 1 c
move 5 from 1 to 2 c
move 6 from 2 to 9 c
move 4 from 7 to 6 c
move 2 from 9 to 6 c
move 1 from 2 to 5 c
move 1 from 6 to 5 c
move 5 from 3 to 1 c
move 1 from 5 to 3 c
move 2 from 6 to 1 c
move 1 from 9 to 7 c
move 3 from 7 to 3 c
move 4 from 8 to 4 c
move 1 from 5 to 6 c
move 9 from 1 to 4 c
move 4 from 6 to 8 c
move 2 from 7 to 4 c
move 2 from 1 to 9 c
move 10 from 3 to 1 c
move 7 from 1 to 3 c
move 1 from 1 to 2 c
move 1 from 2 to 4 c
move 2 from 3 to 8 c
move 6 from 8 to 9 c
move 2 from 1 to 2 c
move 30 from 4 to 3 c
move 29 from 3 to 7 c
move 2 from 2 to 4 c
move 7 from 9 to 5 c
move 6 from 4 to 8 c
move 5 from 8 to 9 c
move 5 from 5 to 7 c
move 1 from 5 to 4 c
move 17 from 7 to 9 c
move 6 from 3 to 9 c
move 4 from 3 to 7 c
move 1 from 8 to 6 c
move 17 from 9 to 8 c
move 8 from 9 to 3 c
move 1 from 5 to 6 c
move 9 from 8 to 7 c
move 3 from 9 to 5 c
move 1 from 4 to 5 c
move 2 from 6 to 1 c
move 3 from 3 to 8 c
move 2 from 3 to 5 c
move 1 from 3 to 8 c
move 10 from 8 to 4 c
move 2 from 1 to 9 c
move 1 from 8 to 1 c
move 1 from 1 to 5 c
move 1 from 8 to 6 c
move 4 from 4 to 5 c
move 1 from 3 to 9 c
move 3 from 9 to 6 c
move 1 from 9 to 8 c
move 2 from 9 to 1 c
move 2 from 1 to 7 c
move 1 from 9 to 1 c
move 3 from 4 to 6 c
move 2 from 4 to 9 c
move 1 from 1 to 8 c
move 2 from 8 to 1 c
move 5 from 6 to 2 c
move 2 from 1 to 4 c
move 2 from 9 to 1 c
move 2 from 6 to 3 c
move 2 from 3 to 1 c
move 2 from 4 to 7 c
move 4 from 1 to 5 c
move 15 from 5 to 4 c
move 4 from 2 to 5 c
move 7 from 4 to 2 c
move 4 from 4 to 5 c
move 1 from 3 to 9 c
move 3 from 5 to 2 c
move 9 from 2 to 1 c
move 3 from 5 to 4 c
move 1 from 5 to 3 c
move 1 from 9 to 7 c
move 1 from 5 to 8 c
move 4 from 1 to 6 c
move 1 from 3 to 2 c
move 2 from 1 to 2 c
move 3 from 2 to 8 c
move 14 from 7 to 2 c
move 2 from 6 to 4 c
move 19 from 7 to 8 c
move 1 from 7 to 1 c
move 23 from 8 to 2 c
move 33 from 2 to 1 c
move 1 from 7 to 1 c
move 7 from 4 to 3 c
move 1 from 6 to 2 c
move 15 from 1 to 7 c
move 6 from 2 to 8 c
move 1 from 8 to 2 c
move 1 from 2 to 8 c
move 2 from 3 to 8 c
move 3 from 8 to 5 c
move 1 from 6 to 1 c
move 2 from 4 to 7 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 3 from 8 to 3 c
move 1 from 2 to 6 c
move 18 from 1 to 4 c
move 1 from 6 to 3 c
move 2 from 5 to 1 c
move 2 from 8 to 2 c
move 5 from 1 to 9 c
move 15 from 4 to 9 c
move 5 from 9 to 5 c
move 1 from 1 to 5 c
move 1 from 1 to 3 c
move 1 from 1 to 2 c
move 3 from 2 to 8 c
move 9 from 9 to 8 c
move 11 from 8 to 4 c
move 1 from 8 to 3 c
move 4 from 7 to 8 c
move 3 from 3 to 1 c
move 3 from 3 to 7 c
move 3 from 5 to 8 c
move 3 from 5 to 3 c
move 5 from 9 to 7 c
move 9 from 4 to 3 c
move 1 from 8 to 9 c
move 9 from 3 to 7 c
move 2 from 3 to 2 c
move 1 from 4 to 1 c
move 1 from 8 to 6 c
move 10 from 7 to 1 c
move 2 from 2 to 6 c
move 2 from 6 to 8 c
move 2 from 9 to 4 c
move 14 from 1 to 9 c
move 3 from 4 to 7 c
move 1 from 6 to 3 c
move 2 from 8 to 4 c
move 8 from 7 to 5 c
move 6 from 7 to 5 c
move 12 from 9 to 3 c
move 3 from 9 to 8 c
move 8 from 8 to 2 c
move 7 from 2 to 1 c
move 1 from 7 to 2 c
move 6 from 7 to 2 c
move 7 from 3 to 6 c
move 1 from 6 to 3 c
move 7 from 2 to 1 c
move 5 from 4 to 8 c
move 2 from 7 to 9 c
move 1 from 2 to 7 c
move 4 from 6 to 1 c
move 2 from 8 to 1 c
move 1 from 7 to 6 c
move 2 from 6 to 1 c
move 3 from 3 to 7 c
move 1 from 4 to 6 c
move 7 from 3 to 8 c
move 6 from 8 to 1 c
move 1 from 9 to 7 c
move 22 from 1 to 9 c
move 2 from 7 to 2 c
move 3 from 3 to 2 c
move 5 from 1 to 3 c
move 2 from 2 to 7 c
move 2 from 6 to 9 c
move 3 from 9 to 4 c
move 2 from 4 to 5 c
move 1 from 4 to 7 c
move 1 from 1 to 9 c
move 13 from 9 to 7 c
move 3 from 9 to 5 c
move 14 from 5 to 3 c
move 5 from 9 to 5 c
move 2 from 9 to 7 c
move 9 from 5 to 3 c
move 15 from 3 to 2 c
move 12 from 7 to 3 c
move 3 from 2 to 7 c
move 8 from 7 to 5 c
move 4 from 8 to 9 c
move 1 from 9 to 6 c
move 1 from 7 to 5 c
move 14 from 2 to 7 c
move 2 from 9 to 4 c
move 1 from 6 to 5 c
move 18 from 3 to 2 c
move 5 from 3 to 9 c
move 2 from 3 to 6 c
move 2 from 4 to 8 c
move 15 from 7 to 6 c
move 1 from 9 to 1 c
move 2 from 8 to 3 c
move 1 from 7 to 9 c
move 6 from 9 to 6 c
move 2 from 3 to 7 c
move 3 from 5 to 8 c
move 8 from 5 to 3 c
move 2 from 7 to 9 c
move 22 from 6 to 9 c
move 12 from 2 to 3 c
move 1 from 1 to 9 c
move 1 from 2 to 6 c
move 1 from 6 to 5 c
move 6 from 2 to 6 c
move 7 from 6 to 3 c
move 20 from 9 to 4 c
move 5 from 9 to 3 c
move 7 from 3 to 5 c
move 14 from 4 to 6 c
move 2 from 4 to 1 c
move 2 from 8 to 3 c
move 2 from 1 to 5 c
move 9 from 6 to 1 c
move 20 from 3 to 4 c
move 5 from 6 to 8 c
move 1 from 5 to 9 c
move 1 from 9 to 6 c
move 9 from 5 to 7 c
move 1 from 6 to 5 c
move 2 from 3 to 4 c
move 4 from 8 to 2 c
move 2 from 8 to 4 c
move 3 from 3 to 7 c
move 5 from 1 to 7 c
move 4 from 2 to 7 c
move 1 from 1 to 3 c
move 3 from 3 to 6 c
move 4 from 7 to 3 c
move 1 from 1 to 4 c
move 3 from 3 to 5 c
move 1 from 1 to 7 c
move 28 from 4 to 3 c
move 20 from 3 to 5 c
move 16 from 5 to 6 c
move 3 from 3 to 2 c
move 2 from 3 to 6 c
move 6 from 7 to 5 c
move 1 from 3 to 6 c
move 1 from 2 to 1 c
move 10 from 6 to 8 c
move 2 from 1 to 5 c
move 1 from 4 to 8 c
move 1 from 6 to 9 c
move 2 from 2 to 5 c
move 10 from 7 to 4 c
move 2 from 3 to 4 c
move 1 from 3 to 8 c
move 1 from 9 to 4 c
move 6 from 4 to 1 c
move 10 from 8 to 6 c
move 1 from 1 to 4 c
move 8 from 4 to 9 c
move 3 from 1 to 5 c
move 14 from 5 to 8 c
move 2 from 7 to 5 c
move 3 from 9 to 7 c
move 5 from 9 to 5 c
move 2 from 7 to 3 c
move 16 from 6 to 9 c
move 3 from 6 to 3 c
move 1 from 1 to 5 c
move 1 from 1 to 4 c
move 1 from 7 to 3 c
move 2 from 6 to 1 c
move 2 from 5 to 7 c
move 2 from 7 to 1 c
move 3 from 3 to 8 c
move 12 from 5 to 4 c
move 1 from 5 to 8 c
move 1 from 1 to 4 c
move 9 from 4 to 1 c
move 11 from 1 to 7 c
move 10 from 7 to 4 c
move 3 from 3 to 7 c
move 1 from 1 to 7 c
move 5 from 4 to 5 c
move 8 from 4 to 1 c
move 1 from 4 to 1 c
move 5 from 5 to 4 c
move 2 from 7 to 5 c
move 2 from 7 to 3 c
move 9 from 1 to 7 c
move 16 from 8 to 5 c
move 3 from 8 to 7 c
move 6 from 4 to 3 c
move 17 from 5 to 1 c
move 14 from 1 to 2 c
move 7 from 2 to 4 c
move 5 from 2 to 6 c
